{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HindSiliguri-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HindSiliguri-Medium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
Web : HIND SILIGURI REGULAR 10\
Tablet:HIND SILIGURI REGULAR 9\
Mobile :HIND SILIGURI REGULAR 11\
\
\
Risk Warning: Trading foreign exchange, cryptocurrencies, CFDs, indexes and commodities is potentially full of high risk and may not be suitable for all investors. The high level of leverage can work both for and against traders. Before any investment you need to carefully consider your targets, previous experience, and risk level. Trading can result in the loss of your money, as a result, you are expressly cautioned that you should never invest or trade with money that you cannot afford to lose. The Information on this website is provided for education and informational purposes only, without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of accuracy, completeness, or fitness for any particular purpose. The Information contained in or provided from or through this website is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, investment advice, trading advice or any other advice. The Information on this website and provided from or through this website is general in nature and is not specific to you the User or anyone else. You should not make any decision, financial, investment, trading or otherwise, based on any of the information presented on this website without undertaking independent due diligence and consultation with a professional broker or financial advisory. You understand that you are using any and all Information available on or through this website at your own risk. The information provided on this website does not constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading advice or any other sort of advice and you should not treat any of the website's content as such. The Website does not recommend that any cryptocurrency should be bought, sold or held by you and nothing on this website should be taken as an offer to buy, sell or hold a cryptocurrency. Do conduct your own due-diligence and consult your financial advisory before making any investment decision\
\
\
\
\
Web: HIND SILIGURI REGULAR 14\
Tablet: HIND SILIGURI REGULAR 12\
Mobile: HIND SILIGURI REGULAR 14\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
Powered by Marketing66 \'a9 2018\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
Web: HIND SILIGURI medium 14\
Tabet: HIND SILIGURI medium 12\
Mobile: HIND SILIGURI medium 12\
\

\fs28 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
Follow Us \
Download our app\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy}